Add external monitoring docs (#1361)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/guides/monitoring.md

## Monitoring in Qdrant Cloud

To scrape metrics from a Qdrant cluster running in Qdrant Cloud, note that an [API key](/documentation/cloud/authentication/) is required to access `/metrics` and `/sys_metrics`. Qdrant Cloud also supports supplying the API key as a [Bearer token](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6750.html), which may be required by some providers.

## Exposed metrics

There are two endpoints avaliable:

- `/metrics` is the direct endpoint of the underlying Qdrant database node.

> - `/sys_metrics` is a cloud-only endpoint that not only shares information about the database from `/metrics` but also provides additional operational data from our infrastructure about your cluster, including information from our load balancers, ingresses, and cluster workloads themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/sys_metrics` is a Qdrant cloud-only endpoint that provides additional operational and infrastructure metrics about your cluster, like CPU, memory and disk utilisation, collection metrics and load balancer telemetry.
```

| cluster_pending_operations_total | gauge   | Total number of pending operations for cluster peer                    |
| cluster_voter                    | gauge   | Whether the cluster peer is a voter or learner. 1 - VOTER              |

### Cluster system metrics `/sys_metrics`

> Each Qdrant cluster will expose the following metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Qdrant Cloud, each Qdrant cluster will expose the following metrics. This endpoint is not available when running Qdrant open-source.
```
